OK, children, do you have your songbooks?
We are going to sing song 120
“Listen, Obey, and Be Blessed.”
Are you ready to sing with us?
If we have listened to Christ,
will we show it?
His teaching shines
as it shows us the way.
It makes us happy
to hear and to know it,
But we’ll be blessed
if we know and obey.
Listen, obey,
and be blessed
When you hear
God’s will expressed.
If you’d be happy
and enter his rest,
Listen, obey,
and be blessed.
Our way of life,
like a house, gives protection
When it is built on the rock,
not on sand.
If we apply
Jesus’ loving direction,
We’ll build a life
which on bedrock will stand.
Listen, obey,
and be blessed
When you hear
God’s will expressed.
If you’d be happy
and enter his rest,
Listen, obey,
and be blessed.
Just as a tree
rooted deep by the waters
Gives of its fruit
when each season arrives,
If we obey as God’s own
sons and daughters,
We’ll all be blessed
and enjoy endless lives.
Listen, obey,
and be blessed
When you hear
God’s will expressed.
If you’d be happy
and enter his rest,
Listen, obey,
and be blessed.
That sounded very good!
Caleb and Sophia are trying
to memorize this song.
Can you memorize it too?